[Music]
fifteen strange things that seem normal
only in South Korea South Korea is a
country of contrasts
where modern technologies and ancient
Eastern traditions harmoniously combine
into something totally unique in and of
itself every journey to this amazing
country reveals countless new secrets
and mysteries so here's a selection of
the most remarkable findings from South
Korea
that just might astonish you 15 they
have unbeatable state support for
pregnant women the state definitely goes
out of its way to support pregnant women
in this country for example expecting
women in South Korea are given a special
credit card from the government with a
$500 balance on it a future mother can
spend this money on medical treatment
and all necessary supplements and
prescriptions the state also gives these
women a little trinket that allows them
to use public transport with comfort and
ease pink subway seats are reserved
specifically for expecting mothers and
the trinket activates a sign so that all
other passengers know that there's a
soon-to-be mommy in the car this is
especially helpful for those in the
early stages of pregnancy when it's not
so obvious that a woman is expecting
they also get special parking spots near
the entrance of most public buildings
and other facilities and they're not
just for pregnant women mothers can use
these parking places up to six months
after giving birth
14 almost every bus stop has a digital
information panel with a bus schedule on
it in real time to start with there are
bus stops conveniently placed near every
subway station in Seoul and all the
buses in South Korea are new and
equipped with air conditioning buses run
24/7 but they don't stop at all
scheduled bus stops that's why you need
to be attentive and when you see the bus
you need you have to signal for it to
stop the public bus system can be pretty
confusing at first especially if you
don't know Korea in Seoul alone there
are over 400 bus routes with 8500 buses
connecting even the farthest corners of
the city at the same time a taxi ride
will cost you almost the same as a bus
ticket if you manage to find three or
four people to share the cab with you 13
it's totally normal to try the food in
grocery stores in the majority of Korean
supermarkets there are unlimited samples
for you to test and even if there aren't
specific samples laid out for shoppers
nobody controls how much food a customer
tries before buying or not buying twelve
South Koreans like to give and receive
practical gifts a traditional gift at a
housewarming party is a few rolls of
toilet paper they really love practical
gifts like this and especially ones that
can be eaten for example management at
one South Korean company presented their
employees with food baskets these edible
arrangements come in different
combinations and can be bought in any
grocery store before big festivities 11
TV hosts wear traditional clothing on
the Korean New Year and that's not the
only New Year tradition in this country
the Korean New Year usually takes place
in January or February depending on the
time of the second new moon after the
winter solstice Koreans celebrate solo
or New Year for three days on the day
before on and after the new year and if
you decide to travel around the country
at this time of year you might encounter
some serious obstacles and that's
because everybody visits their families
and childhood homes for a festive
celebration just to highlight exactly
how hectic it is train and bus tickets
are usually sold in months in advance as
for traveling by car it can take you
four times longer because of enormous
traffic jams 10 kindergartners have
color-coded uniforms each kindergarten
has a specific uniform in a certain
color so that kids don't get lost in the
crowd during field trips and walks
around the city you got to admit this is
so simple yet incredibly logical since
teachers can easily spot the kids from
their own group 9 churches give little
Pleasant gifts to their parish about
four times a year big churches arrange
free visits to dentists and hairstylists
for their parish they even have
representatives who actively recruit
people and businesses that want to
participate in this generous program the
most common way they invite community
partners is by distributing free wet
wipes with their church's address on
them by the way
South Korea is home to the most visited
church in the world with a parish
consisting of over 1 million people a
year 8 high schoolers study until
midnight Korean kids have to study a lot
Elementary students have classes from 9
a.m. to 6 p.m.
middle schoolers go home at 10:00 p.m.
and high schoolers sometimes have to
study until 1:00 in the morning that's
why school libraries are open 24/7
unfortunately all this intense cramming
doesn't help a child's development it
actually has the opposite effect many of
them lose interest in hobbies because
they simply do
have any time for any kind of a personal
life they study all the time sleep
during their daily commute and spend any
bit of free time on social media seven
couples like to wear matching clothes
South Korean lovebirds like to let
everyone around know that they're an
item in fact a relationship is supposed
to be an all-consuming affair couples
use social media to brag have cute
little celebrations every 100 days and
even arrange romantic vacations almost
every month not to mention they choose
to display they're in love status with
the help of matching outfits a lot of
paired clothes and shoes can be found in
special stores like sweet bong bong
couple Plaza or couple Market
sweethearts of any age can find just
what they're looking for 6 the best gift
for a teacher is a cup of coffee or
candy while you might remember giving
your teacher an apple or some flowers
South Korean parents and children like
to show their gratitude to a teacher by
giving them candy or a cup of coffee
what's more there's an established
gift-giving culture in Korea with
certain rules for example big gifts to
teachers or public officials are
considered bribes and when somebody
visits your home in this country you can
be sure that they'll bring a drink
dessert or fruit 5 they have themed
subway cars there are lots of themes
subway cars dedicated to certain cartoon
characters stations are even announced
in these characters voices and they have
life-size sculptures of them sitting on
the seats in Seoul there's a subway
train dedicated to a comedy animated
series called larva it runs on the Green
Line eight times a day and features two
of the cartoons main characters in every
car for its a more isolated country than
we think
Koreans practically never listen to
music or watch movies from other
countries they're not very familiar with
Western traditions and they don't even
have geography at school at the same
time they'd be happy to
tell you anything you want to know about
k-pop singers and bands the most popular
musical group among the South Korean
youth is the boy band
BTS 3 they don't really eat dogs this is
a dying trend in South Korea since
almost the entire young generation has
never even tried dog meat now it is
still possible to try this dish there
but it's extremely expensive modern
Korean cuisine is really healthy
they usually eat grilled meat without
oil a lot of vegetables and plants and
rice but even more than rice Koreans
love coffee
me too - there's a lack of trash bins
but plenty of public restrooms you won't
find any trash bins on the street in
South Korea because the people there are
super tidy now you might be thinking
what are you supposed to do with your
empty water bottle well there are lots
of public restrooms around with trash
cans inside you can find them at each
subway station and in every Park the
restrooms are very clean and come with
all the necessary amenities they have
separate stalls for disabled people and
women's restrooms are of course equipped
with diaper changing stations one South
Koreans workaholism has no limits the
government of South Korea has recently
taken an active fight against
workaholism which has become a
countrywide disease office workers are
now required by law to turn off their
computers on Friday evening everybody is
supposed to abide by this new rule but
on special occasions some exclusions can
be made public officials are also exempt
67 percent to be precise this drastic
measure is necessary to force people to
have a healthy work-life balance still
not all South Koreans appreciate this
new law
have you ever been to South Korea if so
what impressed you most of all